Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Peck It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. Um, this
is a continuation from the last video.
Kind of same day.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, Monday packing day. So, we had a lot
of orders, so we decided to bust it up
into two different videos.
>> Right on.
>> First thing we're going to start out
with is this big backpack.
>> Yeah. This is um these This is a a bolo.
>> Yeah. This brand is I don't know how to
pronounce it. It's a Eeer. Is it air?
>> It may be or air. I don't know. Aery.
Is it aer?
>> It seems to us because the majority of
them are sold in Europe. So, I think
it's a European brand. I guess we could
have looked at the tag to see where it
was made, but And funny thing is it's
going overseas.
>> Yeah. They sell um not too many of their
packs.
Well, definitely new. They're going to
be 100 plus.
>> Mhm. But even used, not too many of
their packs sell for less than like 80
bucks,
>> right?
>> You know, like if you just search AER
backpack
uh and just look at the sold, you're
going to see some pretty good numbers.
>> Yep.
>> So, from now on when you see this brand,
we're going to get it for sure. There's
a few backpack brands like that that we
look kind of look out for.
>> Yeah. I was trying to think what was
that the other one you you always get?
>> I know. I can't think of it.
But they always do well. Oh my gosh.
>> I could probably look at our solds cuz
we sold one maybe a month or so ago,
didn't we?
>> Yeah. It wasn't too too long.
>> Okay, it fits. It's a little bit of a
squish, but it ain't going to hurt
nothing. I ain't going to cut it down
too low, but I'm going to cut it down
low enough to get off that uh being
dimensional
shipping price.
Oh, the elite spanker.
>> Well, yeah.
We may never see another one of those in
our life.
>> We had two of them.
>> I know, but they both came from Mr. A.
>> Yeah. Well,
>> so
may But if we do, we'll know.
>> Yeah.
>> Adding it to that mental rolodex.
That's the thing, man. If you if you
stay like
if you're if you're a reseller and you
keep an open mind
and you stay open to learning new new
things, boy, you can really build up
>> TUMI.
>> TUMI. That's the one I was exactly at.
Yep.
>> Yep.
>> I think I think most people probably
know that brand.
>> Yeah. And I do too. You see them like
their luggage at uh stores and the
airports and stuff. Occasionally you
could find some find a really, you know,
find it at a really good price at a
garage sale and estate sales.
>> Yeah.
>> Not everybody knows, you know, like
kind of catch maybe somebody selling it
at a garage sale that didn't maybe
didn't buy it and they may they might
not even know what they cost.
>> I just I just did eBay solds backpack
high to low. Oh my god.
>> What?
>> Louis Vuitton. Oh yeah. $24,000.
Yeah.
>> Chanel 10,000. Fox Renard 10,000.
Like people are paying this much money
for a backpack.
>> We'll probably never sell Louis Vuitton,
honestly. You know that?
>> Oh, no.
>> Cuz like who sells legitimate Louis
Vuitton that doesn't like know what it's
worth,
>> right? And even if it was at a good
deal, like if somebody's selling Louis
Vuitton at a deal at a price that would
would make sense for some somebody to
resell it, we'd probably be too nervous
to buy it.
>> I know.
>> You know, like
>> so I I I think there's a limit to what
we would spend on a luxury purse or bag
or something, right? Like
>> Right.
>> And I think Louis Vuitton is past our
limit.
>> Yeah, I think so. will operate at the
lower lower stuff. But
>> yeah,
>> we don't have we it's not like we have
very many opportunities to buy Louis
Vuitton anyway. So, not around here.
>> No.
>> Okay. The old milk thingamajig.
Yep. This is a fun fun heavy packing
day.
Oh,
it's been a pretty good sales day today
so far, too.
>> Yeah, sales have been pretty good.
>> I've got a I've got
I' I've got I've got something I when I
open that eBay app,
like the past week or whatever, I don't
know how long it's been. Every time I
open that eBay app
to look at, you know, to look see from
like a buyer's view, you know,
>> man, they were they were promoting all
their live shows so hard
like the whole front page feed was
nothing but lives.
>> Oh man. And it made me mad because
>> Yeah.
like the core of eBay. And I'm not mad
about live selling, okay? Like that's a
thing. It's going to be a thing for a
while.
>> It's not going away.
>> I'm not mad about that. Yeah.
>> What I'm mad about is that, okay, if you
eBay, if you're going to promote your
live selling that hard, fair enough.
But it's a slap in the face to to most
of your sellers because as far as I
know, you still like selling live on
eBay is invite only, only in certain
niches, etc., etc. It's not something
that's available to most of your
sellers,
>> right?
And it's it's like you like when you're
trying to get the people whenever they
open the app
to to not go look at my stuff, but to go
get locked into a bunch of live shows
and not even browse my stuff.
And I don't have the opportunity to sell
live. Not that I necessarily would want
to anyway. So, I was kind of mad about
that.
>> Yeah, cuz people are so easily
distracted now. They they might go to
eBay to look for something and get
hooked into a live and Right.
>> and all of a sudden it's an hour later
they've been watching this live, you
know.
>> Maybe I'm wrong. May maybe it had didn't
have an impact. I think I don't see how
it didn't though.
>> Yeah,
>> cuz I mean they
they had some interesting live streams.
I'm you know I get it.
And usually when somebody pops eBay open
I don't know about usually but
A lot of times when people open up eBay,
they're buying something they want, not
necessarily something they need,
>> right?
>> It's, you know, so
it's not hard to distract somebody in
that predicament, you know.
>> Yep.
>> So now, I did read in the reseller water
cooler, our Facebook group,
somebody said there was an update and
they took all the live stuff off the
front page. They probably had a lot of
complaints.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Here's the big daddy of the day.
>> Hello, big daddy.
All right, so this is a uh big old
transformer. Okay. And
oh man, it's a big boy.
What What are our dimensions? That might
give me a clue to what my plan was.
>> 24 20.
>> Okay. Yeah, I was going big. I'm trying
to think of what box trying to think of
what strategy I was going with here
or or if I was or
I had we we got some big boxes we can
use. We also got these.
It's kind of tight.
>> It's very tight. Yeah,
>> it is. But
also
this is um
this box is fairly it's not it's fairly
sturdy.
This is too tight though.
I was I was considering using this and
then doing it and then doing it again.
You double wall around it. What do you
think about that? I mean, I'm not to
because this is one of those boxes that
is like styrofoam all the way.
>> I know, but the outer box is kind of a
collector thing, too. That's my only
concern.
>> That's what I'm thinking about.
>> Yeah, that's um something somebody's
going to want to put up on a shelf.
>> Okay. Yeah, I Yeah, it is. It really is.
So, yeah. Let me I'll be right back. Let
me get something else.
All right, y'all. I think I got a handle
on a plan here.
It's going to take a minute. Okay. Now,
I've got a really good idea what I'm
doing here. So, uh, first thing I'm
going to do is I do want to instead
instead of bubble wrapping this box,
I am actually still I am actually going
to go ahead and use I think
wait before I
talk too much. I
Is this a good size? Yes. Okay. So, what
I'm going to do, I am actually going to
use a 16 1210,
but I'm I'm going to use it as interior
packing
that makes more sense, huh, Candace?
>> Yeah,
>> that's what I'll do.
>> I like it.
>> So,
and this will be in lie of bubble wrap.
I guess inloo means instead.
>> Yeah, I believe so.
>> So, at what points do we choose to just
say to just say uh instead
in in lie of inl.
>> I feel like maybe we maybe I say in lie
of to try and sound fancy. I'm going to
go in the
>> behind the tree of the L.
>> Yeah, they have a guy I watch every now
and then, not a lot.
His channel, he's an a fan of aviation
and he'll book he'll just book flights.
His his passion is flying on airlines
and different planes and airlines and
routes and things like that. and he and
then he, you know, records it. And
one thing he always does on every
flight,
it's called a L review
>> and he he reviews the bathroom on the
plane.
>> That's funny.
>> It's funny to us if y'all if y'all are
from like Europe or whatever. Is that
just in the UK they say that? I don't
know.
>> I don't know.
>> U we do not call the bathroom the Lou.
So that's that's probably funnier to us
than it would be to you.
All right.
So yeah, we're going to do this.
A little bit of an outer thing here.
Kind of a last line of defense is the
way I look at it. because I hope I hope
this uh this little bit of a wrap thing
I'm doing here isn't doesn't come into
play on this box's journey. But if it
does, it's there.
Okay, that there.
Okay.
All right.
Now, flip this over. And obviously, we
don't have this covered, so I will.
>> All right. the UK, England, Wales, and
Scotland.
>> That's where they say it.
>> Australia, New Zealand.
>> Oh, a lot, man.
>> And some Commonwealth countries due to
British influence, like Singapore and
Hong Kong.
>> Huh.
So, we're kind of the exception, not the
rule around here.
>> Yeah.
>> Lou is a very Lou is the
>> But it refers in like in the UK, it
means a room that has a bathtub or
shower. Oh, really?
Okay. I thought it just meant a
bathroom. Okay.
>> Oh, wait. No, I'm sorry. I have it
backwards.
>> Oh,
>> in the UK, a bathroom a bathroom
strictly refers to a room with a bathtub
or shower. Makes sense.
>> Ah,
>> if you only need the toilet, ask for the
L or toilet.
>> Yeah. Yeah, man. If we So, Americans go
over there and, hey, do you have a
bathroom? It's like, dude, we sell
hamburgers here. Well, you don't need to
take a Well, they might or whatever.
>> You don't need a shower before you leave
here.
>> Yeah, you can
>> just wash your hands.
>> You can eat your fish and chips without
taking a bath, please, sir.
>> Yeah,
>> that's okay with you.
>> Some places they call it the water
closet. You've heard that, huh?
>> Yeah, of course.
>> Water closet.
>> That is funny, man. Somebody You walk
into the place asking for a bathroom,
they think you're going to take a bath.
>> I know.
Yeah. Like what else would you do? You
know,
why else would you be asking for a
bathroom?
>> Okay.
>> Or what about the word restroom? You're
not going there to take a nap. It's
>> true.
>> I guess that's just the way so we don't
so you don't start getting too ind depth
into describing the bodily function
you're going to take care of while
you're in there, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, next up, keep this thing
moving just like in a man.
All right. Next up, we're going to use
two of these boxes. And they're going to
be fashioned about the same way. I don't
need a ton of room cuz we do have some
extra strength here.
But we we're going to give her a little
bit of room here. Let me see. I'm trying
to
we're going to get down in the weeds on
this one. I guess
that's I mean it like when we make these
buys from guy and he he shows up with
this stuff,
it's valuable stuff. I'm not
complaining. I promise. I am very
grateful for this sale. I really am. So,
please don't think I'm not. But when he
shows up with this kind of stuff,
we're happy. Don't get me wrong. But
the other stuff is a little easier.
>> I do like the price tag on it, though.
>> 18 and 12. There we go.
>> Right. It's It better be worth some
money.
>> Yeah.
>> We're going to mess with it. Just leave
it there.
But we're probably not as enthusiastic
whenever we see this kind of stuff as
you might expect for the value of it.
Yay.
I was very happy to sell it though
because a it is a big ticket item and b
um
>> it's a big item.
>> It's a big item getting out of this shed
which is always that's a good thing. We
like that. Oh, 18 and a half I got to do
here.
Okay.
The these are the kind of packs
where I catch the most criticism because
I'm not uh
>> because you measure.
>> I measure, draw lines.
>> That bothers some people.
>> Well, I take my time.
>> Yeah. I'm not real.
I don't know.
It's not It's not fast. It's fine.
I just want I just want to pack the
thing, right? And hopefully get it there
in one piece.
Okay. So, we're going to do this one.
We're not that far away from being done,
believe it or not.
And then Candace, I'm going to hand this
to you for a minute.
>> Yep.
>> And then I'm going to do the other one.
Carbon copy. Same thing.
During lunch, we we we ate lunch in
between in between the packing days. I
watched old Rev.
Call him old Rev. He's younger than me.
I watch, you know, I I watch Rev. He he
he had a video out. He stopped for a uh
he stopped for a biscuit
to eat, waiting for an estate sale to
open or something. And he did a um Crazy
Dreamers Ryan.
You may know him as Thrift Mind style
food review. It's pretty good.
Okay, let's see. He and he also went
into his uh
his the old man's
in that video, their most recent one.
The old man's house. Old man's a his dad
is a reseller as well.
>> I didn't know that.
>> I didn't I don't think I knew that
either. I'd seen him in some videos on
the Revtoration Car channel before, but
uh I didn't know he's a reseller. But
no, Rev showed his spot. Man, Candace, I
was salivating.
>> Were you?
>> You know what he sells? Are you know
what he has? Because I I don't think
he's listed very very much of it. He's
got a a huge like a big size room. I
don't know how big it is. 30 by 10 or
something like that.
Chalk full of Hot Wheels.
>> Oh,
>> and B. I mean, there are those beautiful
Hot Wheels Mattel Hot Wheels cases all
over the room. Yeah,
>> it's very neat. It's neat though.
There's
>> So, is it his own collection?
>> Uh, no. I think it's just it's ones he
bought over the over the years to, you
know,
>> to sell. But, yeah, I do think there is
some collect collecting
aspect to it.
>> Like he he does sell them, but he's not
in a huge hurry kind of thing.
>> Now, I think
>> So, that's like his niche.
>> Yeah. So, Rev has Rev likes the vinyl
and his dad likes the Hot Wheels.
That's pretty cool.
>> Yeah,
>> man. I I think about that a lot.
I wish my dad was still was still around
to to do this stuff.
>> He would love
>> He'd be He'd be right here in here on
>> He would I wouldn't be in here working
with you. He would be.
>> You might be.
>> We'd have to get a bigger shed.
>> Oh yeah. One shed wouldn't help me and
my dad. Oh my god. His dad was larger
than life in more ways than one.
>> My dad is uh
and she doesn't mean fat.
>> No, just his personality.
>> He was he would be overweight off and on
different times of his life.
>> Very tall and personality to match.
>> Big personality. If y'all if y'all ever
met my dad, y'all would understand more
about me.
>> Yep. Man, my dad was something.
>> He died fairly young. I'm I'm almost to
the age where he died.
>> Mhm.
>> I think about that a lot.
>> Yep.
>> I think he was 56.
Dang, that was a long man.
>> I know it seems like so long. I didn't
real I was in my
I was in my uh well let's see what year
was that I man
what year was that Candace
>> oh he was 56 it was 2006 cuz he was born
in 50 so
>> that makes sense cuz uh
>> all I think well your mom my mom my mom
and my dad all born in 1950
>> yeah No, my dad was a couple years
older.
>> I know. I didn't say your dad.
>> Yeah,
>> I said your mom. My mom. My dad.
>> Oh, gotcha.
>> I think I said that anyway. If I said
that right. Yeah. Your dad was a couple
years older. Huh.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm trying to get this one ready for you
and I'm not doing a good job.
>> Oh, I'll get it.
>> I got it.
I don't need that one too well formed
because it's it needs to be a little
pliable cuz that's going to be the
slider.
>> Yeah.
>> Come over the top on this one.
Going to put a little bit of paper. Not
a lot. I don't I'm not going to have a
ton of room for paper in the end. Just a
little.
But here's here's what we're going to
have. This is already
behind some cardboard and and then under
that it's behind styrofoam of course,
but then also
we're going to have some paper. Not a
lot, but some paper. And then it's going
to have double wall.
>> There's going to be chip wall
>> on every side.
>> Yeah, triple wall box.
>> Chip wall.
>> Thought you were saying chipa.
Oh gosh.
over this part. I'm just going to
toss a little paper in there. These are
the long packs, you know, like we get
these. I'm glad this one wasn't due
today.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> Candace pointed out
a big time mistake I made. Candace, can
you do a reset, please? Yep.
Candace pointed out a big time mistake I
made uh on the listing. Although it may
not have mattered.
>> It may not have.
>> She's she's like she's looking at the
title that I listed this thing. She's
like, you know, you didn't you didn't
say anywhere in the title this is a
transformer.
>> Yeah, the word transformer is not in the
title anywhere.
>> And she's right. But I contend
>> it might have been an item specific
which eBay claims if it is, it'll show
up on that search.
>> It's not just a claim though because uh
we've done we've we've seen it. I've
I've done I've tried that in practice to
put something in the item specifics and
then search for it. And I found it does
it does.
>> So it is in the item specifics four
times.
>> Yeah. So that wasn't so
>> movie, TV show, series, and franchise
>> like
I bet if you search Transformer, go high
to low.
>> Oh, on sold
>> on solds. Now I don't know how many
Transformers high to low on solds you
would have to get to before you got to
our sale. Maybe not that many. I don't
know how many. Probably a lot though,
huh? probably there's some pricey ones
out there. You know that.
Let's see.
>> But if you find it on that search, then
that will that'll kind of prove, right?
>> Oh, somebody just sold a $30,000 one.
>> Oh, well, you might be scrolling for a
minute.
>> Oh, yeah. I see several in the uh 10,000
or more.
>> Wow. What What What are those?
Somebody's got a graded 1984 Optimus
Prime.
>> Oh, in the box.
>> Yeah. Pre sealed.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> At at auction it went for over 11,000.
>> That's what it has to be, right? To get
that kind of money.
>> That's nuts.
>> Now, somebody had a
a Takara that was they put free
transformer, so it's technically not a
transformer.
I I think it's I think that's fair.
>> It's the original Optimus Prime.
>> I don't have a problem with that.
They're not trying to get over
>> myth in box $29,555.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. So, whenever we talk about uh
Remember y'all, when we talk about Wow,
that's a big ticket item we sold today.
>> Yeah. We mean relative to
>> some people are like
>> we always
>> always mean relative to what we want.
>> Yeah. There's tons of them in the
thousands, Lonnie.
>> Okay. So, you'll never find it just
searching.
>> No.
>> Or take you a little while.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Okay. So, now all we got to
do is
cap this sucker off. Do a tape up. We're
done.
I don't I'm not even going to cut
anything else.
Oh, I do need to put a little bit paper
on top. And that's it. Okay. And then I
got to get past There's always a tricky
part on these things. Oh,
>> not splitting that corner.
>> Yep. And I I really don't want to split
it. I'm still going to reinforce it even
if I don't split it, but I'd rather it
not split.
I'd rather be reinforcing it than
repairing it.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, I find usually what'll work,
I don't think this one is super tight.
Usually what'll work is I just kind of
jam my thumb
>> push that corner
>> in that sucker and then I'll just Can't
go too far though
>> because you have to get that other
corner.
>> Oh,
>> it's on It's on the opposite corner.
>> What am I doing?
>> Well, usually I have four corners.
>> I know this time you
>> and this time I have
which will actually make it
go
there. Okay. Woo!
Took a bit of a push.
There she blows.
Got a splitter,
>> huh?
>> Not bad. A little bit of a splitter.
Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> It's not bad, though.
>> Sometimes they go all the way up.
>> Is this going to Amanda?
>> Doesn't sound right.
>> Yes,
>> it is.
>> Yeah. What? What's wrong with that? I'm
sorry. I didn't mean anything by that,
Candace.
You know,
>> I'm joking. I am.
>> You understand, right?
>> I hear a door. Let's see if that's UPS.
No.
>> Is it USPS?
>> This across the street. It's not even
here.
>> Uh, we haven't seen anything anybody
yet.
>> Nope. Mondays. They're all usually late.
>> I did not mean that was sexist. But
>> Amanda for this. What?
>> I I was pretty sure I had the wrong
card.
But
>> that's probably a gift.
>> She's probably buying
>> She's surprising her husband.
>> No, I'm just kidding. Look, I'm all I'm
saying
all I'm saying is if I walked into a
Transformer collector convention and I
looked around,
unless they're with their husbands or
whatever, I'm thinking you're going to
be 90% at least men.
>> Oh, you're assuming these guys are going
to be married
>> now. That's where some of those
>> Oh, no. I'm joking, y'all. That is That
is terrible. I do not
>> I'm a pop culture nerd, so I can't make
fun of people.
>> Candace, you
you have been bad lately.
You've been stirring stuff up lately.
I've noticed
you you are usually the voice of reason
around here. And lately, I've had to be.
And that's scary if you're if I'm the
voice of reason.
>> Oh, no.
And you know, I'm talking about the
whole
>> Yeah, I know.
>> the Commonwealth
unboxing the other day.
>> Yeah.
>> I had to put that
>> I can't help it. I I call it as I see
it.
>> It was funny. It was funny,
but I mean it was hilarious,
but it it was in the
it was it was not in the spirit in which
we were trying to maneuver at that
point.
You know, we're trying to we're trying
to be friends with Kevin and make him
love us. I don't know about love, but
I think, you know, I think we made a lot
of headway.
Yeah,
>> I texted Kevin. Kevin will text me every
now and then and I'll text I texted him
this morning and just reminding him
again. Hey, that's my crazy wife doing
all this.
>> She doesn't love you like I do.
>> I'm joking.
>> We're having fun with it. Uh y'all the
the enean
is that I that's got to be the plural of
enaman in men.
>> It's enamoman.
>> Oh enem inmen.
>> Enammans.
Um we had three of them. We didn't know
what to do with them except we knew we
weren't going to sell them.
Candace got Candace. Candace helped pack
the box. She went
down.
>> But um
the uh we have the three in men in. And
this morning I walked in. I'm like, what
are we going to do with these things?
Can't sell them. Don't want to sell
them. Want to keep them. Want to honor
them.
>> I'm going to get Molly one for her
birthday.
>> No, you're not. We're We're
>> Can you imagine her face?
>> What is that? What is this? Uh, well,
uh,
>> go Google it, Molly.
>> H,
no. Um,
I came up with an idea this morning.
>> Can Okay, I know you can't resell. You
can't resell them, but can we gift them?
>> I don't want to do that.
>> Molly can give one to my brother.
>> Those belong to us
>> for her gag gift.
>> No, it's not a joke.
>> Oh, it's not.
>> Enma man. No, it's not a joke.
>> It's not funny.
>> Huh? It is funny, but it's
there. No, we're not getting rid of them
ever. So,
>> look, he just said the mug was not for
refill.
>> No, I I put when I made the order, I I
said I swear to never ever ever
re sell this. And then when
>> until you make me mad again,
>> no.
No. My my word does not is not altered
by my current emotional
>> gifting it to my brother is not selling
it.
>> Oh,
Candace, did you just like No. Can Can
you take No.
>> No.
>> I know. I see that. All right. Well,
anyways, I guess I got to lock them up
when we leave every night.
>> Maybe have a little safe.
>> Put them under your pillow at night.
I'm have a little safe for the enema.
>> In a safe enema.
Man, that would be so weird to come in
here every morning. Oh, got to unlock
the enamman. Got all this other valuable
stuff in here. But anyways, um I I came
up with an idea for what we could do
with them because I was like, man, what
are we going to do with these things? I
don't want, you know, and what we've
decided to do.
If you look at the back of them,
>> let me go grab some of these. Some
people on this channel may not even
know. That's true. That's true.
>> So, first off, it's from uh Commonwealth
Picker
Kevin
>> flipper. He's got picker and flipper.
>> It's got a pee on the
>> It's It's a little stuffed enema guy
that gets things moving.
>> If you want to know the lore behind all
that, go see Commonwealth. I don't
I I kind of know it. But
anyways,
>> I was going to Does the other one say CW
>> show what it said on the back on the
cake?
>> I did.
>> Okay. It says, what does it say?
>> We get things moving.
>> It says we get things moving. And I'm
like, oh, really? Now that's quite the
claim, Kevin.
Commonwealth picker. You're selling
these things
that say we get things moving. That's
the claim. That's the claim. They cost
$25 a piece.
And so now we're going to find out if
that's true or not.
>> So what we did this morning when we when
we first started up the video,
man, I am taping the Jesus out of this
thing.
>> You still have seams at home. I know,
man. I'm taping taping. That's okay. Um,
what we decided to do was I Candace
picked two items
and I picked two items that we want to
get moving.
>> Yep.
>> And we placed the Enammen
on top of those items.
>> Yep.
>> To get those items moving.
>> So, we're we're going to see if those in
a man get those things sold for us. At
what point would you say, "Okay, that's
a scam. It doesn't actually work." At
what point, like, how long do we give it
before we're like, "All right, this is
BS."
>> Uh, if it hadn't sold by now.
>> By now?
>> Yeah.
>> What do you mean?
>> Cuz usually, uh, in work pretty fast.
>> Oh, stop.
You're too much.
>> You're too Are you done taking
>> No,
you need to stop saying that about You
need to stop picking on You need to stop
making fun of the enemous stuff.
>> Why? It's It's built for that.
>> Yeah, you're right.
But yeah, so we'll How long do you
think? No, but seriously, like you think
like it I I mean I would expect the
stuff to all sell within a month.
>> Oh, I was thinking a week.
>> I think that's a little too fast.
It probably depends on the item, too.
You know,
>> that's why I picked some things that
weren't very expensive.
>> Do you think maybe sometimes you might
need an extra dose if you're really
backed up?
>> So, we might have to move two onto one
item.
>> Yeah. If you have a really hard to sell
item, might need two or even three
>> onto one item. As a matter of fact,
Candace, as as these items sell, we'll
move the the enem that are no longer
employed to the items that haven't sold
yet.
>> Okay? Okay. Cuz if you put three enem on
one item,
>> double up, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Won't you help me at
measurements? We'll be right back,
y'all.
>> Okay. Stop. Okay. I got that sucker put
out.
>> Yep.
>> Out in the UPS pile. Candace. Actually,
that was one.
Uh why don't you tell them about it?
Postage.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> So, lately um some we do compare on
Pirate Ship. We used to do it a lot
more, but lately Pirate Ship has not
been any better than um eBay postage
prices. Well, today that package UPS
with insurance was cheaper than eBay by
$2 UPS ground. So, um I don't know if
Pirate Ship has renegotiated their
prices or what's going on, but I like
it.
>> Sometimes it's just a oneoff odd thing
or something. It could be like where
it's going or whatever. But lately, I
would say the last few months, UPS has
been the same. Sometimes even more than
eBay on pirate ship.
>> Yeah, it's there's no hard and fast
rule. It's at different times. It's just
it's been like that in the past, too.
It's like, oh, when you buy your um I
remember for I don't remember that well,
but when you buy your such and such kind
of priority postage, it's a little
cheaper on pirate ship. There was a time
where some of the postage was actually
cheaper on eBay than pirate ship for
some types of postage. And it's like
>> it kind of goes back and forth. So, we
do we do compare them, you know, because
you never know when it's going to
change.
There we go. There's your filters. Okay,
>> there's there's your bowl.
>> Thank you. Yeah, this bowl we Candace
took an offer on it. And you know what?
>> What?
>> I don't even care. It's fine.
>> It doesn't really matter if you care.
>> I know
>> because you got to pack it anyway,
>> man. You know, you did not have to go be
like that.
>> For the record, I was being
>> I did not buy that at a We got it in a
bulk buy. Okay, that's fine. And we had
to make a decision on these items. Okay.
Are we we going to list them or donate
them?
>> We're only going to list them if they're
worth at least $20,
>> right?
>> $15 best offer. I'm joking.
>> That's how it happened. Basically,
right?
>> Pretty much
>> somewhat. I mean, we don't have a hard
fast rule on that. It's going to it's
going to be different based on how hard,
you know, how big and all that. But cuz
a breakable a breakable uh glass or
something is way or a coffee mug, that's
way different than packing something
like that.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> Well, you know what? I'm happy to sell
it. I'm happy to get it out of here. And
I hope whoever gets it is going to be
happy with it, too.
>> I'm so happy you're happy. I'm trying to
convince myself.
I'm not talking to y'all as much as I am
to myself. I'm happy I sold it.
>> Is that like positive affirmation?
>> It is. I'm grateful that I sold it. I am
actually cuz you know what? You know
what? This is This
selling it for 15 is better than it
coming up on shed flops one day and us
donating it.
>> That's right. Unless it breaks,
then I'll wish I donated it. All right.
>> Just make sure it doesn't break.
>> That's what I try. That's the job.
>> Boy, that is so easy for you to lean
against that bench and say,
>> "Make sure you pack that." Well,
you're doing it right over there, buddy.
>> You sure that's big enough, Mox?
>> You Why don't you put your hands on your
hips and stare and just stare at me?
I I feel like laying on a bench is more
effective.
>> It is. I just slouching while I'm over
here work working so hard is it's a
little disrespectful, kids. But that's
okay. I hope you relax.
>> Don't you want me to be comfortable and
relax?
>> I really do.
>> I have to uh rest my fingers for all the
typing I'm about to do to enter those
dimensions.
>> Trolling me. She trolls me a lot.
You're such an easy target.
>> Oh, you know what?
>> Oh, getting out the other paper.
>> This is heavy paper. This some the
bogus.
>> Boogus. It's not really It's fake paper.
>> Here's a fun fact.
You know that uh actually I think I
might have told told you yesterday this
I got to keep this in mind. I need to I
need to be more presentable for the
ladies.
Let me get that for you.
>> Oh, careful with that big knife, little
lady.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Um,
no, I was looking at we we found the uh
I found a short We went to a G Candace
spotted a garage sale coming home
Saturday. We stopped. They were closed.
>> Yeah. Their sign was still up
>> and we said, "Hey,
>> she was done." And it was like what,
3:00?
>> Yeah. But we stopped. It was on our way
home. Right. Right down the road. And
she said, "Well, I'll be open at 7:00."
And so Sunday morning, 7:00 a.m. Candace
woke up. And I happened to I went to bed
early the night before cuz I was tired,
I guess. And I'm like, "Let's go." She
was going to go by herself. I'm like,
"No, I'm coming with you." And I put And
then So I went I said, "I'm going to
make me a short cuz we had been filming
all day the day before."
>> Yeah. And I said, "No, I'm ready to go
make another short." And so I br I just
filmed with my cell phone and uh made a
nice little short video and found some
sound found some cool stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> I had a good time. A really nice lady,
too. She was really cool.
>> Yeah.
>> She didn't care. We told her we sold on
eBay and she was trying to help us spot
stuff we can make money on her sale.
>> Yep.
>> I thought that was I thought she was
really cool. Really nice.
And I like I found some good stuff and
so did Candace.
>> And she found some breakable stuff. But
>> you found something really good.
>> Yeah. The um spanker box or something. I
think that's what people are calling it.
Says SP SP kr or something on it.
>> Uh spanker,
>> but people call it spanker box.
>> It's a Halo 3 spanker box. And it
doesn't have anything in it. It's empty.
And that thing goes for up to $75 just
for that box. It was a plastic box thing
that the um a special edition game came
in.
>> Yeah. It had like uh places where you
could put the uh game disc.
>> Yeah.
>> And stuff. And then all Yeah. So
anyways, bought this.
>> Mind you, this is Sunday morning. Like
this sale had been open all day pretty
much Saturday. Nobody bought it.
>> Nobody bought the spanker box. Sounds so
crazy.
So anyway, I get upload that video. It
does pretty well on uh Well, depending
on where you look, it did okay. And um
I looked at the audience for that on Tik
Tok.
>> Mhm.
>> Our audience on Tik Tok is
60% female for that video. 60% female,
>> 40% male.
>> Right.
And a little older than you would think
for Tik Tok, too.
The big demographic ages were around in
the 40s.
>> It it was um our Yeah. Our biggest
demographic
was our our most common demographic on
that video. I haven't looked at the
whole account. I barely I barely look at
the analytics on Tik Tok, but yeah, our
number one demographic
is a a a woman that is between the ages
of 35 and 44.
I told Lonnie it makes sense. Think
about it like when garage sale goers
not counting resellers are generally
female.
>> Yep. I agree.
>> So it makes sense.
>> I agree. I never really thought about
that but
>> yeah. I mean, now you do have the the
guys that go
>> west,
right? And there's a lot of older like
in their 60s and such that are men that
cuz they're looking for tools and stuff,
>> right?
>> But in general, garage sale goers are
like women, middle-aged women.
>> Yeah, I Yeah, I agree.
>> Or older.
>> I'm glad it's you making the the the
generalization this time around.
>> I mean, I think the demographic views on
that video kind of proves it, you know.
>> I agree. Yeah.
>> So, our target is is probably I mean
some resellers for sure.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But to really to really get the views on
TikTok, you want to appeal, you know,
get outside of that if you can.
>> So,
there we go.
>> That label's ready to go.
>> Thank you, guy. Candace is pointing to
the label because it's for guy,
>> not that guy.
You sure?
>> Not our guy. Unless he moved.
>> All right.
Oh, I'm use um ground advantage
envelope. So, we've done all the hard
packs now.
>> Yeah. Well, there's a couple of action
figures, but they're a smaller, you
know.
>> Okay. Yeah. that that last that bowl
thing wasn't really supposed to be next,
but I was like, Candace, let's just
knock that out so I don't so I can get
it out of the way.
>> Yeah.
>> Be move on.
>> It's another one of those Stanley uh
cooking set.
>> Yes,
man. I started getting kind of sleepy.
cuz you ate lunch.
>> Yep.
Oh man, I really am. When you finish
that, we'll go get some coffee.
>> Yeah, I need some coffee.
Fuel up a bit.
I need to wake up.
I ain't going to be off of work whenever
I get off of work. We are recording a
podcast tonight.
>> Yeah,
>> y'all. We've got some great
great guests lined up there. I'm really
excited about it.
I don't I I'll I'll tell y'all who the
next one is because that I know that we
already have that one in the can. I'll
tell you two of them.
Uh we have
after the next one after this video is
shot that we're filming here. Oh, I
already signed it. Uh, we do have Dave
Adh Dave on the pod
and that went really well. I
I enjoyed that pod and I learned a lot
about Dave.
I kind of been learning a little more
about them already
>> just watching their I've been paying a
little more attention to their content.
>> Yeah.
>> And Dave in particular because me and
Dave and I and Candace are I would say I
but y'all Candace has been more into 3D
printing the past week or two than I
have.
>> Yeah.
>> She she been keeping those things going.
I don't even
>> I got a lot of the like fun stuff out of
my system. Now, I've been printing
practical things for around the house,
you know,
>> and we uh by the time this goes out,
we also we y'all tell them about tell
them about what we sent little Ryan.
>> Oh,
>> Ryan's son.
>> Um, we
>> do we have one?
>> Well, okay. I don't if did we talk about
my jewelry show where I did them?
>> Mhm. Yeah, we probably
>> crushable eggs and we put the coupons
and stuff in them. Jewelry inside them.
>> Yeah. 3D print an egg with only one
layer. So it's real thin and then it
actually prints a weak point into it.
>> Yeah. Around around it. Yeah.
>> And then and then it makes this very
satisfying.
>> Whenever you squeeze it, it pops like
cracks open.
>> Right.
>> So we 3D printed little
>> When she says we She did the whole
thing, whole project. the like you've
seen like the little articulated 3D
animals like dragons and stuff, but I
printed him some little bitty like
dinosaurs and stuff and drop those
inside the crushable 3D eggs and we sent
him a half dozen of those.
>> Yeah. So, which Yeah. What you do is you
you the printer prints the eggs and then
at some point it pauses while the egg is
still while you can still get inside the
egg and then you put your stuff into the
egg. You hit resume and then it prints
finishes printing and now you have the
thing in the egg. It's really ingenious.
It's awesome.
>> And uh you know what's you know you know
what's really cool about it?
>> We sent him the the eggs are a little
bit big like pretty a bit bigger than a
standard egg.
>> They are. They're like twice the size I
would say.
>> We sent him a whole dozen.
>> No, we didn't do it. We did a half
>> six.
>> We did half dozen. We were gonna do a
dozen, but I ended up printing them so
big I was like,
>> "Are you sure it wasn't a dozen?"
>> Was it?
>> Pretty sure.
>> Oh, maybe we did. Oh, we did.
>> We did.
>> I know. Because remember we did two
different colors and
>> remember?
>> Yeah.
>> You have like seven of one color and
five of the other because I I went in
there one night and I was like,
>> "Oh my gosh, y'all."
>> Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. So, I
printed up a batch and I
>> Hey, hey, you tell your story, but you
be nice.
>> So, I printed up a batch and I went to
bed and I left I left them cooling on
the cooling plate and I get up the next
morning and one of them is like popped
open. Like, man, that thing popped open
overnight by itself.
So, Lonnie gets up. I'm like, did you
touch these eggs?
He's like, "Yeah, I went I didn't mean
to. I went to pick one up and I squeezed
it too hard." They were so
They were so cool. They were so cool.
And I was like, "Oh, wow. That's neat."
And I like, "Oh, that's cool." And I And
I just kind of I just barely I just
pressed it a little bit. Oh, wow. That
flexes pretty good. And went
>> it cracked open. I was like, "Oh, great.
She'll kill me."
>> I know. I mean, I know you did on
purpose, but I'm a
>> What did you say?
>> I know you did it on purpose.
>> No, I didn't.
>> He can't like He's He peaks at his
presence.
>> Here we go. be. That was the part where
I meant be nice.
>> You don't like surprises.
>> I don't peek at presents.
>> Even when you know there's what's
inside.
>> I do not peek at presents.
>> You know what's inside the egg and you
still cracked.
>> I did not do it on purpose. I was just I
thought it was really cool and I was
like I was just seeing I was seeing how
firm it was because I I was wondering
like is little Ryan cuz he's still
pretty young. Is he going to have a hard
time opening the thing? And apparently I
don't think he will.
You tested that theory, huh?
>> I thought,
you know, you you you could have done
that nicely or not nicely, and you went
the you went for the not nice way.
>> Well, you know,
>> I know what
>> sometimes you have it coming.
>> Well, you don't always have to give it
to me.
>> Oh, he's getting his eggs tomorrow. I
just checked.
>> Yep.
Yeah, I was checked the tracking
yesterday.
>> Ryan and And we thought I thought it was
so cool. I didn't want I wanted Ryan to
Ryan doesn't even know what what's
coming. He knows something's coming,
>> right? He doesn't know what it is.
>> He doesn't know what it is cuz I think
Ryan's going to have fun with it, too. I
think Ryan and Pam are going to be
surprised as well cuz it's really a
novel thing, you know.
I love watching whenever Candace use
those eggs at the market.
I love watching the people's faces.
>> First of all, they thought they were
gonna have to like really squeeze the
heck out of them.
>> Yeah.
>> So, when they barely squeeze them and it
just pops open that they're like
>> the look of surprise on their face, but
you could also kind of tell they enjoyed
it.
>> And sometimes the little top piece will
go flying.
>> Yeah. It go flying like 10 ft away.
Yeah.
>> It It was cool because it was kind of
like a puff of air if you really
squeezed it, you know.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it was Man, it was really fun. You
know what? It kind of reminds me of the
uh you know like what they have like
smash rooms or something like that where
people like
>> you know where you go break stuff to
>> Yeah.
>> to let it all out.
>> It's that same kind of thing, right?
Like
>> Yeah.
>> You're not supposed to break an egg. But
here, break this egg. Enjoy it.
>> It's fun.
I I know Ryan will do it, but I I want
to see I want to see him I want to see
them break at least one of the eggs. I
think he's going to have a ball with it.
>> I'm sure they'll FaceTime. They always
do.
>> He's going to have a ball with it. He's
going to love it.
>> You imagine that? Here you go, kid.
Break these eggs.
>> And look, R Lonnie wrote on the box.
What did you write?
>> Um I wrote, "Caution, these are about to
hatch."
>> Yeah.
on the on the outside of the inner box.
Oh my. He's going to be he little Ryan's
going to be so he's going to be like,
"What? What is going on?
Where's my tea at?" Is
>> I want to print one up for the girls for
Easter and put little piece of jewelry
or something in it.
>> Yeah, it's a great way to put a little,
you know.
Oh, I can I can do some for the dogs and
put dog treats.
>> Yeah, they'll eat the egg.
Dummies.
>> Wait, what dogs are you talking about?
>> We're going to my brother's.
>> Oh, that's right.
>> Pippen's going on a road trip.
>> Yeah, he loves that. All the dogs get
together.
>> Yeah, he's he's only 15 pounds. And then
my mom and my brother have Australian
shepherds. These big goofy fluffy
things.
>> Yeah, they're all
>> Dippin tries to keep up with them.
They're very docel dogs.
>> Oh, no. They're sweet and they're so
smart. Oh my gosh, they are so smart.
>> They're big old piles of fur.
>> Yep.
>> So, if anybody not familiar with that
breed, it's not like a German Shepherd
or something.
>> It's like a They're hurting dogs. Yeah.
>> Right. A German A German Shepherd is as
well. But what are German Shepherds made
to But they're more of like a protector.
>> They just protect like they don't
actually I don't think they were bred to
like go out and herd animals together.
>> They're not
>> I don't think
>> I don't know.
>> My My mom used to have a um
what was her old dog? Um a
>> Shelty.
>> And that dog that dog my mom's neighbor
has chickens and that dog would try to
the chickens. That was the funniest
thing.
>> My uh my grandfather
raised cattle.
Kind of a retirement gig. Um can you
hand me my tea, please?
>> Yep.
>> Kind of a retirement gig. Thank you. And
um I can't What kind of dog was that?
Some kind of shepherd.
>> Like a kahula or something.
>> Australian or something.
>> He had another one. And he had some
other dog. I can't remember the breed,
but that that a I think it was
Australian Shepherd.
Those two dogs, we'd ride he had a
couple of pastures and we'd ride out
to those pastures and he'd be moving
them around, whatever they do, you know,
like
he'd let them into a field for the day
and then bring them over to somewhere
else or, you know, whatever. I don't I
don't really understand the whole
business, but he'd have reason to move
cattle from one one pasture to another
quite often. And um
man, he would just drop that tailgate on
that old truck
and those dogs would get out and he
would give his command and those I mean
they would just they would round them
up.
>> Mhm.
>> And they would move them exactly where
he wanted them to.
>> Yeah. It's It's amazing how smart some
dog breeds are. It's crazy. It
>> It was something.
>> Have you ever seen labs in action like
um being trained and stuff?
>> No.
>> So, um
they'll like if you have three different
colors that whatever they call they
throw to train them. And you throw these
different color things and they'll
they'll get them like down in the water
like in a swimming pool or something.
They'll go down. Bring them back in the
order you threw them by color.
>> I've seen that kind of thing.
>> Yeah, crazy.
>> It is.
And man, those dogs, he could tell them
where he could tell them, you know, he
could get them to move them cows
wherever he wanted to.
>> Yep.
It's always kind of
I was always scared. I remember I was a
kid, you know, I I loved it, of course,
but I remember watching those dogs work
those work those cattle. It's always
kind of scary cuz man, they they stay
close to getting stepped on the whole
time they're working.
>> I bet that happens a lot. Yeah. I never
saw him get stepped on though.
>> But those are athletes.
>> Yeah.
>> To be able to do that kind of dodging.
>> And running. I mean, talk about run. Oh
my gosh.
>> Basically, they just agitate the cows
until they go where they want to go.
>> I know. They're like, "Fine, I'll go."
>> All right. So, this is kind of a special
one here.
>> Yeah, a special magnet.
>> This is for Kyler. So, happy birthday to
Kyler. It was actually on uh yesterday.
>> He bought it on his birthday.
>> Yeah. So, yeah. Happy birthday, Kyler.
We got your uh magnet on your way to
you.
I don't know that I've ever known a
Kyler before.
>> I don't think I have either. The only I
think the only Kyler I've ever even
heard of is uh Kyler Murray, the
quarterback. He used to play I don't
know who he plays for now. I think he
got traded or Oh, no. No. I think he
signed somewhere as a free agent,
but he was playing for U Arizona.
Let's see. I think that might be the
only Kyler I know of.
All right.
We got a lot of magnets.
>> Yeah, we're on a magnet run right now.
>> Yeah, that's good. We got um this one's
for
Gra Griselda. Yep. Is that how you say
it?
>> Candace and Lonnie.
Yeah, I made a uh I made a little post
about whether these are made in America
or not or whatever. Made in made or
assembled.
And after reading the the responses to
it, I'm I think simply saying made in
USA is not accurate.
Probably should be saying made in USA
from imported materials
>> or assembled in USA or something. Yeah.
I I also think it's dumb to say that 3D
printing is assemble is assembling. It's
not.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, I mean, to me, 3D printing is
like, you know, if you bought
uh
if you bought, say, cement
in Canada and trucked it in the United
States for a concrete pour, you wouldn't
say you assembled a slab.
>> Right. Right. No,
like it's not really that
assembly to me would be if we bought
these already printed
and then we had to put the magnets onto
it
>> and that's all we did, you know.
>> Yeah.
>> Whatever.
>> FTC people provided information about
some FTC stuff, Federal Trade Commission
stuff.
>> Yep. regarding that.
All right. This time I'm going to use a
bubble mailer for the two. I don't know
if I usually do or not, but I don't I
don't think the um
>> Yeah. I mean, just one is kind of tight,
you know?
>> Right. I think one is perfect for those,
but I think two is a little
asking a little too much.
I mean, it's not like they're it's not
like they're fragile or something, but
are these consecutive? They are.
>> They are.
>> You're No, I'm sorry. This is Ashley.
Ashley, we switched switch people here.
Ashley, you're getting 180 and 181.
I you know what I think if I glue up
the rest of the magnets we have the rest
of the blanks we have on on stock
>> in stock will be a pretty good bit over
200 manufactured so far.
>> Oh nice.
>> But not 200 sold. I think we're probably
about 190 sold so far.
>> We're around there. Yeah.
>> Which is that's fantastic.
We're very fortunate to have been able
to do that because we we're y'all y'all
are kind of funding our ourh hobby here.
>> Paying for the printers. Yeah,
>> you're paying for Candace's hobby.
>> Yeah,
>> that's that's very nice.
>> Oh, this is a this is an interesting
order. Let me go do a reset real quick.
>> All righty. So, for this one,
somebody made an offer on a bunch of
posters, and
it's $50ome dollars
for some posters we've had in here for a
long time.
And I was like, you know what? I'm going
to feel stupid one of these days if I
don't take that.
I'm going to think back. Lonnie, you
could have got 50 bucks out of that and
you you didn't want it.
So, we've had this stuff listed for a
while. They bought it at a price where
they could probably list it and make
some money. I hope they do because now
that I don't have it
or now that we don't have it, we do have
some more posters though.
Fair fair amount.
Oh my goodness.
Oh boy, Candace, I'm tired. Are you
Mondays take it out of you?
>> They do, man. That's good, though.
Yeah, I'm tired. This happened last
Monday. You remember that?
>> Yeah.
>> Crashed.
We've had some busy weekends, whether
whether that be working or playing,
we've been
busy.
Yeah,
I guess you're working on refunds, huh?
>> Well, apparently you can't refund for
less than a dollar.
>> Well, I wouldn't do that anyways,
honestly.
>> Yeah,
>> if it's less than a dollar, I wouldn't
do it.
>> Oh, I can't. So,
>> it won't let you.
>> No.
>> Oh, you know what you probably have to
do is put zero dot something.
>> I tried. I tried. I tried. really well,
aren't you?
>> Okay. Sorry, I didn't
>> Yeah,
>> less than a dollar. I wouldn't do it
anyway. Um, really?
>> I mean, I think you would be nice or
whatever, but
>> I thought it'd be nice if I was trying
and then you wouldn't let me,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
So, how many poster lots do we have
left?
>> Pretty good, Minnie. Really?
>> Not a lot. Not Yeah, pretty good.
Definitely have a lot less posters than
we had. That's been a It's been kind of
a chore dealing with these honestly
because
I listed them all kind of indiv tried
selling them individually and they did
some of them at first and then they just
stagnated and
>> then we we took them all down after the
first of the year and relisted them as
bulk lots.
>> And honestly, I thought they would sell
pretty fast that way.
>> I did too cuz I thought I priced them
well. I probably priced them fairly, but
um
I'm I definitely look I guess it doesn't
matter what the top is, but I kind of
did this one upside down.
>> Well, I was looking cuz the cards down
there. So,
>> yeah.
>> Oh, well.
>> All right. Who is this? Jenny.
>> Jenny.
Me and Jenny are like peas and carrots.
I was thinking more of the 865
309 version of Jenny, but you're going
more wholesome.
>> Well, not really, huh? Jenny wasn't
really that wholesome in that movie, was
she?
>> No.
>> Very sad.
I don't want We talked about Forest Gump
on this channel already. I don't want to
do it anymore. We're going to burn
people up. Oh, great. They're talking
about Forest Gump again. We get it. It's
a good movie. Whatever.
>> This is Jenny with an I, by the way. I
don't know. I don't know how Jenny and
Forest Gump does it.
>> I think it's with a Y.
When did you see it spelled this?
>> Didn't he write her letters and stuff?
>> Oh, do you remember it though?
>> No, I don't. I don't, but I just feel
like it is.
>> Okay.
>> I could be wrong.
>> That would be the more likely spelling.
>> Yeah. All right. So, next we have action
figure.
>> What we got? Kind of big one there.
>> That's a big one. High Tower.
Candace is referring to
>> your first viral video.
>> It wasn't. Yeah, I guess that was viral
at the time cuz it was like
>> Man, what year was that?
>> Sierra, it was probably 20 years ago,
huh?
>> How old is Sarah right now?
>> She
>> Huh?
>> Uh, she is 23
>> 23 four.
>> She's about to be
>> three.
>> Wait, hang on. What year are we in?
>> She's about to be 24. Yeah.
>> Okay. So,
>> that was probably more like
15 years ago. 15 to 17 years ago.
Somewhere up in there.
>> I would say she was pretty little.
>> She was probably about five or six at
the time.
>> Yeah. Something like that. So, we were
we were on a cruise having a good grand
old time. We were what where were we at?
>> We were in Grand Cayman at the beach.
>> Yeah. And it was awesome.
>> Beautiful beach. beautiful island.
>> Having a great time. We're out at the
beach swimming and
the waves pretty close to the the shore
were breaking really hard.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh
>> Well, they were pretty big that day.
>> Yeah.
And so Sarah's just st she's standing
pretty close to the the shore, of
course. and a a big one a big wave
is coming. She turns around and she she
goes, "That's a big wave."
And it
>> it smacked her
>> and then and she goes,
it it popped.
>> It flattened her out.
>> Flattened her.
>> We can only laugh now cuz she was okay.
We know, you know,
>> as she stands up, she's
And another one hits her.
>> Yep. while she's
>> smacked her again.
>> I'll see if I can find the footage. So,
what was L what what was Lonnie doing
while this is going on?
>> What was good old dad doing?
>> Oh, what am I What am I doing right now?
>> I don't know.
>> I'm so slap a label on that.
>> No, I do not. That would be horrible.
Yeah, I was recording.
I was just recording a family video.
Yeah, just recording our nice day at the
beach,
>> right? And keep an eye on Sarah, too,
you know.
>> Yep.
>> And yeah, I got her and then um
I uploaded it so we could share mostly
so we could share it with friends and
family,
>> right?
>> YouTube. This was like this is early
early days of YouTube.
>> You got a little artsy with it, too.
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I was you. Look, this is
so long ago, y'all. If I did include the
video and y'all watched it, that's some
Windows Movie Maker magic there.
>> Yeah,
>> if y'all remember that.
>> We did her in slow-mo getting smacked.
>> Yeah. And look, I look that was so that
was back when comic comic sands was
cool.
>> Yeah,
>> remember that?
>> That was a happening font.
>> I think I have comic sands in that
video. So
anyway,
fast forward like maybe a year from
then, right?
I think I called the video wave wipeout.
Fast forward about a year and
I mean I was just very casually
uploading to the channel. Like I It was
monetized though cuz I had a couple of
things that kind of did all right.
>> Yeah.
>> Wasn't making a ton. It was making a
little bit though. You know, maybe a
couple hundred bucks a month or
something. Maybe a hundred or something.
You know, just depends on the month.
Sometimes nothing.
>> But um I noticed that the getting a
bunch of comments and stuff and I'm like
or I go look and there's this huge spike
on the graph and I'm like what is going
on?
And so I don't remember how I figured it
out, but Huff Huffington Post,
Huffpost.com
ran a feature story called Wave Wipeout,
Man against Nature, something like that.
And it was it was a little um they had a
little viewer thing and they had 10 wave
wipeouts.
>> Mhm.
>> Top 10.
>> Top 10. The first one, the one in the
thumbnail for the article on the front
page of Huffington Post.
>> Yeah.
>> Was Sarah
>> and within about uh it was only on the
front page for, you know, maybe 24 hours
tops.
>> Yeah.
>> Her video got over 100,000 views in that
time span.
>> Yep.
>> Which for for me, for then, for her,
that was viral.
>> Yeah. It was a big deal. So,
she got the she got the money or
something. We had some other it made
like it didn't make like that much
money. Made like a I think it made like
a hundred bucks or something. Maybe a
couple hundred bucks.
>> That was a big deal to her.
>> Huge deal.
>> Yeah.
>> And we had a TV show
supposedly and I think this was I think
this was some uh some scamming going on.
So, this TV show I I I think they were
liars.
Production company reached out, hey,
we're going to be
>> we're we're coming out with a show.
>> We're going to be producing a show and
um
>> like a funniest video show.
>> Yeah, like a funniest home videos kind
of show. Would y'all be interest you you
know like to sign a deal or whatever?
Reset this thing.
So
talked about it with Sarah who is you
know obviously super young. Talked about
it with Candace
and you know like yeah we'll do it and
then we'll just give Sarah all the money
if she you know we'll save it or
whatever.
>> Uh it wasn't that much money. What was
it like $500?
>> Something like that.
But then they had a contract and
everything and
um
you did all that and then
>> basically you had to give them the right
to the video, right?
>> Uh something like that.
>> Yeah.
>> But then here's Yeah. Or they you
couldn't sell it to somebody else or
something like that. I I don't remember.
But by that point, the video had been
kind of dead on YouTube. So,
>> right,
>> we didn't really care from that
perspective. Decided to go ahead and do
it. sign the contract, everything.
Months go by, no payment.
And so I start emailing them. Oh, oh,
we're processing blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah.
They never paid. They never paid. They
never made the show. Nothing. Yeah.
>> And
over the years, we've gotten similar
deals like that, requests for different
videos.
>> Yep.
>> Hey, we want to use this on this. And uh
since then, I don't ever even reply to
them. And here's what I think happened
with that whole thing. Did we sell one
shoe? Here's what I think happened with
that whole thing. Oh, these are kind of
pricey.
I think some of these so-called
production companies try and sign up
videos or talent and they get a
collection of them and before they pay
anybody,
they go around to networks pitching this
show. Look, we have this, this, we have
rights to this, this, this, and this.
>> Yep.
>> And then if the show gets picked up,
they everybody gets paid.
>> Yeah.
And if the show doesn't get picked up,
if they don't sell it, nobody gets paid.
But they don't tell anybody that ahead
of time.
>> I forgot this is one of these.
>> You just reprint it.
>> I think it's fine.
Have to go on the side with it.
>> So that that's what I call a free roll
at our little girl's expense.
>> Yeah.
>> She got all excited.
>> I was so mad.
>> Yep. I was so mad and I said, "Never
again will one of these production
companies
get over on us about anything." I was I
was so mad.
>> Yep.
>> Not not for us, but for her.
>> She thought she was going to be on TV.
>> It wasn't the money. She wanted to be on
TV and see herself on TV. And I I
thought that'd be cool, too.
>> So, yeah, that's what they do. They they
they sign people up, promise them money,
and then when they don't when the if the
show doesn't get picked up, you never
hear from them. They ghost you. They
fold up the LLC or whatever and they
they ghost everybody.
That really that really changed the way
I think about all real media.
>> Yeah.
And nowadays, you know what? There ain't
no reason to do real media.
>> No,
>> real media ain't where it's at anyway.
>> Nope.
>> So,
>> people don't watch TV hardly.
>> Kick rocks. Well, I mean, people do, but
we don't need them. Obviously, we're not
going to be on TV. I'm not saying that,
but I'm just mean like anybody. There is
no I don't think I think at one point on
YouTube people dreamed of wow if I'm
really if I'm successful on YouTube and
on Tik Tok and maybe I'll get a TV show
and then I'll be rich. But you know
what? Now the people that like really
hit it big on YouTube, Tik Tok, all that
stuff,
>> they don't need TV.
>> They don't need TV.
>> No.
>> Tell TV to kick rocks. As a matter of
fact, TV is like
as soon as soon as you do something like
that and you're not in control of your
own content, your own, you know, or
anything. So, yep. And I'm not saying
that from perspective I think we would
be on because we wouldn't. I know that.
Although we have we've done we've done a
couple of interviews in the past to be
on TV.
>> Yeah.
>> And we never got called back. Well, I
think that one that we really did, they
it didn't even come to fruition the
show. It's like I think they pitched it.
>> Same thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Although there wasn't money involved in
there. They at least they didn't lie to
us.
>> Yeah. They didn't promise us up front.
Yeah.
>> So, and Candace had to talk me into
that.
I'm like, "All right, I'll do it." But I
was not I was not really gung-ho about
it and I wasn't disappointed.
>> It's going to be a fun premise, though.
It was kind of like a flea market flip
situation. Yeah.
>> All right. Last item.
>> Is it?
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> And no, I do not like I'm I'm not like I
don't think we would be good on TV or
anything like that. I'm not saying that.
I'm just telling y'all that's what
that used to be. The thing though, huh?
these producers, they they we've known
quite a few larger creators in the space
over the years.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh man, those producers back in the
day, those producers used to come
calling, "Hey, we'll make you a star.
We'll put you on TV." And I mean, we
Steve and Steph did do a show.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, they did the best they could. I
don't think it was very well produced at
all. It
>> was not very well produced at all in my
opinion. It's too bad. It was a waste of
their talent.
>> It wasn't on them, though. No, cuz
they're they're good.
>> They're they they it
like the production of that show. We may
have talked about this before. Look,
they had the people on that show, they
had them filming this TV show with se
with cell phone cameras and not even
good ones.
>> Yeah. Just what probably whatever they
happen to own themselves, you know.
>> And it the the production quality was
not good.
>> Yeah.
>> They didn't have cameramen. This was
during co
>> Mhm.
>> This is just my opinion. I didn't It
wasn't like And this is not on Stephen
stuff.
>> As I said, their talent was wasted on
that production.
>> It was I felt bad for him that the
production team was so horrible.
>> Yep.
>> I was I mean I was really disappointed.
I was really hoping that was going to be
a huge hit.
and some of the other creators on there,
they they were like kind of positioning
them
as, you know, other talent stars or
whatever, you know, but I mean they had
other they they had other channels on
this t that they cast on that show.
I mean before getting cast, they had
like a couple thousand subs. And I'm not
saying there's anything wrong with that,
but these were not experienced creators.
>> No, they were. Yeah. Steve and Steph
were and maybe one of the other ones
was, but they had some very
inexperienced creators, which would be
completely fine
>> if they had a good production crew to to
walk them through it
>> if or how about even a cameraman,
>> right?
>> Because they were getting these people
to film. We wouldn't do well under those
circumstances either, I don't think.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and then they had, you know,
like nah,
blame it on the co, I guess.
I feel like that show wouldn't have been
produced like that if it was going to
they're going to shoot it today,
>> right? No. No. Indeed.
>> It didn't l What What channel that come
on? Like True TV or something.
>> Something like that. Yeah.
>> They did the best they could.
I don't think what it lasts. I I don't
even know how many episodes they shot or
or I don't even know if it's exist
anywhere to watch. It may not.
>> Probably not.
>> But you know what? I think I also think
the network probably didn't care.
They're like, "We'll throw a couple.
We'll I mean, I think I I don't know any
details of any of the pay or anything
like that." Okay, I'll say that up
front. I have I'm not talking out of
school because I don't know anything,
>> right?
>> Other than the only reason I knew they
were going to shoot a show, we were
doing like a I was doing a a chat like a
chat with them.
I don't know, FaceTime or or a live
stream or something with Steve and
Steph. And I noticed the uh Apple
the Apple logo on their their um iMac
was had tape over it.
>> And I was like, "Hey, Steve, I have a
question." Or no, maybe they had just
done a video or something. I said,
"Steve, I have a question. Uh
why do you have the Apple logo on your
computer covered? Like are you you
filming y'all filming something or what?
what's going on? Like I don't get
>> what you hiding.
>> And that's
>> you got a new sponsor.
>> And then that's when he said he said uh
he said, "Oh man." He said, "I I should
have figured you'd notice that." He he
said he said, "Keep it." He told me I
had to keep it top secret until it was
announced. And he said, "Yeah, we're
doing a TV show." And they were the they
were the headliners,
>> but they couldn't even they didn't even
give you any details. They
>> No. Yeah.
>> No, he never I never knew how much they
made or nothing. He did say it was
definitely worth their while, but I
don't know anything. You know, I have no
idea
>> even what Steve would consider worth his
while means,
>> right?
>> You know, so
>> all right.
Woo!
Tired.
>> It's been a packing day.
>> It's been a day.
>> Yep.
>> What time is it?
>> Um 2 o'clock.
>> Ah, okay. Well, we got
>> We have a few hours left to work. Yeah,
I think we're going to do probably are
we we're going to do film a little bit
more on the vlog
>> and then uh we'll probably list for
maybe an hour and a half.
>> Yeah. And then you have a posh Poshmark.
>> Yeah, I'm doing podcast.
>> I'm going to do a We're going to film a
podcast tonight. Oh, the other Oh, I
wanted to finish that up. Uh talking
about the podcast. So, this this
Wednesday it's going to be ADHD Dave,
which I really enjoyed that. Um I like
Dave. I really do like Dave. Dave and I
have never had any problems with each
other. Actually, we've never even really
talked. Um, and Dave and I have a ton in
common
>> and he's a very interesting guy.
>> Uh, and then the next one after that, I
think I might this may get out of order.
Um, we had to invite Rev Resale back on.
I love the guy. I watched I I actually
watched uh a good portion of that last
podcast with him again
>> and and Ryan actually pitched it to me.
You want to have Rev on again?
>> He's entertaining.
>> He's something. He's something. He's
really good. He's talented.
>> Um and then we have another one.
And we have actually, yeah, we have one
more after that that I can't talk about
yet because we booked them, but we don't
know him that well. And I'm not, you
know, you don't know somebody that well,
it could fall through.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I'm hoping it doesn't because it's a
good one. I think it's going to be a
really entertaining one. So, but yeah,
that's going to be it for this one.
Candace is like, "Thanks for the podcast
wrap up on."
>> But hey, the video is already over. They
could have clicked out if they wanted
to.
>> They wait for me to say goodbye.
>> Okay. Thanks so much for watching
everyone. We'll see y'all again very
soon. Bye y'all.
>> Bye.